# Survival-Prediction-from-Titanic-Dataset
Project Summary: The most infamous disaster which occurred over a century ago on April 15, 1912, that is well known as sinking of “The Titanic”. The collision with the iceberg ripped off many parts of the Titanic. Many classes of people of all ages and gender where present on that fateful night, but the bad luck was that there were only few life boats to rescue. The dead included a large number of men whose place was given to the many women and children on board. The men travelling in second class were dead on the vine.

Machine learning algorithms are applied to make a prediction which passengers survived at the time of sinking of the Titanic. Features like ticket fare, age, sex, class will be used to make the predictions. Predictive analysis is a procedure that incorporates the use of computational methods to determine important and useful patterns in large data. Using the machine learning algorithms, survival is predicted on different combinations of features.

The objective is to perform exploratory data analytics to mine various information in the dataset available and to know effect of each field on survival of passengers by applying analytics between every field of dataset with “Survival” field. The predictions are done for newer data sets by applying machine learning algorithm. The data analysis will be done on applied algorithms and accuracy will be checked. Different algorithms are compared on the basis of accuracy and the best performing model is suggested for predictions.
